Improved DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL/SERVER_EMAIL docs. (#17610)
django/django: docs/ref/settings.txt

Default: ``'webmaster@localhost'``

> Default ``From:`` header value to use for various automated email
> correspondence from the site manager(s). This describes the email address (and
> optionally the name) of the author of the email message, to be displayed in the
> interface of email clients. If you wish to set both a name and an email
> address, use a value like the following:
> ``'FirstName LastName <example@example.com>'``

Reviewer: This adding feels a bit too verbose. I think it's enough to say that the format allowed for the setting should be valid for the email sending protocol that the service configures. Something like:

```suggestion
Default email address for automated correspondence from the site manager(s).
This address is used in the ``From:`` header of outgoing emails (except for
those reporting error messages sent to :setting:`ADMINS` and
:setting:`MANAGERS`; for that, see :setting:`SERVER_EMAIL`) and can take any
format valid in the chosen email sending protocol.
```

Default: ``'root@localhost'``

> A ``From:`` header value to use for error messages sent over email, such as
> those sent to :setting:`ADMINS` and :setting:`MANAGERS`. This describes the
> email address (and optionally the name) of the author of the email message, to
> be displayed in the interface of email clients. If you wish to set both a name
> and an email address, use a value like the following:
> ``'FirstName LastName <example@example.com>'``

Reviewer: I would use a more concise phrasing as before:
```suggestion
The email address that error messages come from, such as those sent to
:setting:`ADMINS` and :setting:`MANAGERS`. This address is used in the
``From:`` header and can take any format valid in the chosen email sending
protocol.
```
